[Music]
I'm doing well I'm happy to have you
here I think you're super funny and
pulled on the office and Silicon Valley
which was one of my favorite shows and
it's now over it is done I know of last
month yeah I'm sad about that and well
we both are probably you more than me
because you were on it yeah it was my
livelihood yeah well it was turned
really dark all of a sudden are you on
that last day with the with the gang
there did you say do you guys promise to
keep in close contact and and then not
yeah yeah yeah there's a lot of
sentimental pledges that are already
being violated you are oh by the way I
don't want to mention Mel nah Johnny
who's I think gonna be here next week
your co-star your friend yeah he is now
a very very fit very muscular yes in
fact we yes let's put that photograph
now this is not and I'm not kidding when
I saw he posted this photo of her I
thought he glued his head on to somebody
else it looks like a local State Fair
and they had those they're like wooden
cutouts where it's like a body and it
does look like that it's weird because
I'm sort of a huggy guy uh-huh and I
hugged those guys all the time and
hugging Kumail it's so weird to feel
somebody's body one way and then hug
them it's it's like it's like if you had
a teddy bear and you were used to just
hugging the teddy bear and then one day
that teddy bear was like replaced with
like a tightly packed pack of like
frozen hotdogs something about like he
has corners now would you ever do
something for a film would you ever get
into no they call kimmel shape I guess
Chimel app yeah I think I
I view my body is just basically a shelf
for my head and I can't I can't I I'm so
easily injured I try to do inner work
though myself in her workouts yeah
that's right I go to therapy yeah yeah
that's my gym and I've also just been to
every kind of quack healer on the face
of the planet I really yeah I was
working in London and I went to see a
shaman I don't know if you've ever done
that before
nope don't recommend you know I like
massage table and she waves a hawk's
feather over me my eyes are shut and
then I heard a noise and I opened him
and she had the Hawks feather like this
and she was looking at her phone she got
in a text message and was checking it as
she's sort of haphazardly waving the
Hawks feather and then she told me that
in a past life I was an angry woman I
went to a hypnotist oh okay well that no
I just want to say about hypnotism is
not I wouldn't put that in the category
now of shamanism or whatever's going on
there right well I think there is a
legitimate form of hypnotism it was not
the form that I ain't killed okay what
form did you in gouges he did this thing
where she was like I'm going to do your
hypnotism but I'm gonna do it through
head font should have you lie down
headphones and then she did the
hypnotism to a microphone so that I
could listen to it in the future and and
be right sanitized yeah so she put on
these wave sounds and I started to feel
very relaxed and she goes as I count
down from 10 you'll feel yourself
slipping deeper deeper and she goes 10 9
and then the wave sounds cut out cuz she
had like a tech glitch on her on her
computer and I just heard through the
heaven she goes
[Laughter]
like she said for a while and then she
gets play out we'll fix it in post
Wow did you go home and listen to it no
have any positive effect no cuz she
charged me $900 I know I didn't know
that
and I'm like ashamed of the whole thing
I was just like take it where did you
grow up where are you from I'm from
Yardley Pennsylvania which is like yeah
there's no way there's no way yeah yeah
it's right on the Delaware River across
from Trenton New Jersey
what are they famous for well just you
or anything else well have you ever seen
that famous picture of Washington
Crossing the Delaware and there's the
ice George Washington of course yeah so
that happened very near to where I grew
up and every year at Christmas it was
the on Christmas Washington crossed to
fight the Hessians at Trenton and every
Christmas they reenact that and it's a
big deal
oh and there's these guys they're very
stringent about the standards of like
historical authenticity so I went one
year and when you drive by you see these
guys who have been rejected because
they're not authentic enough so I'll see
like like all these guys who are wearing
like you know the deerskin frocks and
have muskets but they're wearing like
New Balance sneakers
sadly like checking their phones on this
side and if it's too if it's if the
river is frozen
they don't go across the river they just
carry the boat across a bridge which i
think is a little bit of a cop-out if
you can't accept New Balance sneakers
you certainly shouldn't be dragging the
boat that's right and because Washington
is always played by an old man I think
they died fairly often or at least
retire so they have to be replaced I see
and then is it an honor the town yeah
it's a big deal shoes yeah I hope it's
like a really sleazy process like
smoke-filled back rooms you think you
will ever be a part of that have you
been a part of it I mean as an active
you the most prominent actor from there
counts certainly you should be George
Wein reenact the father of our country I
think I'm a more as sort of a starved
Abe Lincoln friend invited me to a Ren
Faire once a note up at this man fair he
said we're going in garb so I was like I
don't know what that means but I think
you're supposed to wear a costume so I
didn't have time so I just I went to a
costume shop and bought a wizard costume
and I put it on to go to the Ren Faire
but then I got lost and I'm not a good
driver and I got in a small accident and
I ended up on a traffic island and if
someone had looked over they would have
just seen me in a wizard outfit in a
Subaru Crosstrek like rifling through my
glove compartment for my insurance with
like a Brene brown audio book blasting
it's like a Geico commercial they cut
yes
uumm so you are on this show this new
show Avenue 5 yeah which is written by
Armando Iannucci he is the creator of
the show and a veep as well right
another fantastic show yeah he's amazing
and I love the idea of this show which
is yeah the show is about it takes place
40 years in the future and it's about
luxury space cruise that gets knocked
off-course and very quickly civilization
on the ship sort of disintegrates it's
almost like a Gilligan's Island if it
turned into a Lord of the Flies in space
yeah so one of those shows are you a
space guy are you interested in that
kind of stuff no I'm not especially
interested like but my father who grew
up during the space race for him when he
talks about space it's like he turns
into a little boy he loves it so much
and when I was little he did this thing
that he in our attic there was this
closet and he put glow-in-the-dark stars
on the roof of the closet and then he
rigged the switchboard with lights so
that if you turned to switch a light
would go on and these there was all
these lights and then he put headphones
in there so that I could put on the
headphones and he would be outside with
a microphone and he would be like
Mission Control and we would play these
space games and I would just like to
take this chance now on national TV to
say why didn't you just take me to Chuck
E Cheese
[Laughter]
[Applause]
they have skee-ball there what I have to
play and a handmade monument to his love
like some sort of loser my dad would
have me cut hefty bags and we'd pull
weeds so consider are you sure your
dad's not a STONER because that sounds
very stony might want to go through his
stuff he talked about you he would also
talk about he heard about some they were
taking volunteers for a one-way mission
to Mars which is just like you could
head off to Mars and the expectation is
you'd never come back Yeah right and he
was like I do that really what are you
talking about you can't just go I don't
know like look at the night sky and be
like I wonder if my dad said yeah well
there's a Japanese billionaire I'd like
well it's very good to see I can't wait
to see the new show it's called Avenue 5
and premieres Sunday night 10 o'clock on
HBO Zac woods everybody hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel give back this holiday season buy
my new book the serious goose I wrote it
and drew it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
and if you don't support that you are a
box